So, what is the newest
anime that you see? Yes.
Uh-huh.
Sakamoto? oh...
Oh, okay, okay.
Oh.
mmm-hmm
Yes.
Okay.
mmm-hmm
Oh... me too.
Really? I did not know that.
Wow!
Ohhh
I'm...
Uh-huh.
Really?
That'd be interesting, to have they talk to the...
I don't know. I don't remember the manga cast name, but have they like asked him about that?
Okay.
Oh.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Wow!
He must go like all over Japan.
Uh-huh.
Wow!
That is a full ministry.
mmh
wow
I almost want to send him my friend's YouTube link.
Yes because um my friends are missionaries there and they
videotape Japanese people sharing their testimony in Japanese.
Yeah, they're so good.
Yes i almost feel like sending that guy like here use these two on your channel.
And that's cool, because even like...
people from the countryside it might be hard to get into like a
church service can... you hear that?
Ohhh
Yes.
Okay.
Cloud Church?
mmm-hmm
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Ohhh
I wonder if they ever do like groups.
online like not only just the church service but also do they do like
fundraiser. Is there anything that they do?
His job.
Wow!